Release Hermes v1.8.1 (#3876)
informalsystems/hermes: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## v1.8.1

*March 6th, 2024*

> This v1.8.1 release improves reliability when relaying, more enhanced configuration and improved monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This v1.8.1 release brings better reliability when relaying, more enhanced configuration and improved monitoring.
```
